best in quality
service Ghassan pack
nós unpack an expert in packing
materials uses its long-established know
how to provide the best quality service
and reliability with the company's
various certifications such as ISO 9001
ISO 14001 R&D centre ANOVA's venture
enterprise and numerous patents our
technology is gaining wide recognition
and brand power not just domestically
but also internationally
Hasaan packs nozzle vacuum and gas
flushing sealer comes with a touchscreen
LCD controller a bag sealer applying
instant temperature controller premium
durability and safety features a three
phase work mode co vacuum and gas
flushing and memory function that
records past ceiling condition of these
the table type ii v 45 60 ad ii which
was the first of its type to be patented
domestically is especially designed for
sealing allowing quick sealing easy
vacuuming and gas flushing thanks to
miniatures a ssin of gas generator the
stand type gvd 45 60 80 100 ii can
optionally feature a built-in generator
also eco 3545 is an economic table type
product all devices installed are more
simplified allowing an attachable
printer to be added optionally pass on
pax chamber vacuum sealer is our most
popular product it is most suitable for
packing food especially meat or fish as
well as several small products at the
same time
using the same production principles we
also produce vacuum compression sealer
for beddings the sealer is distributed
to clean topia a nationwide laundry
chain compacts polybag impulse sealers
seals plastic bag using an automatic
temperature controller it is also
equipped with a digital controller and
it is the only sealer in Korea that
includes a memory function the
representative model is the automatic
temperature control stand type is st 354
5600 in addition to these Kesang pack
has also developed and is producing hot
printers band sealers rap sealers
container sealers thai sealers label
removers tape cutters bags for food and
industrial use banks for semiconductors
and electronic devices desiccants and
humidity measuring cards contacts
technologies are widely recognized
through three patents for utility models
and three trademarks the company has
also twice been engaged in academic
industrial cooperative technology
research support business and has
achieved success opossum packs can be
applied to the fields of semiconductors
electronic parts display medical
equipment chemicals food and standard
manufacturing also every kasam pack
product boasts a wide application of
uses such as sealing vacuuming gas
flushing and gas emission these multiple
features make our products much more
practical and efficient than others
armed with its advanced technologies
Ghassan pack currently operates
internationally as part of its efforts
to reach beyond the domestic market and
become the world's best in quality and
technology
it now has many offices in different
countries such as in China the US Japan
Taiwan Singapore and Thailand our
customers are always first always
ensuring their full satisfaction with
the best quality and best service
Ghassan Pak promises to be the world's
most trusted company thank you